README.md, before:

# DistillPub

| [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/73affdaf-5f7a-4f87-be36-b8222becb793/deploy-status)](https://distillpub.sanyamkapoor.com)  | ![Status Alpha](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-beta-yellow.svg) |
|---|---|

This is the Hugo theme for Distill. It is aimed primarily at
authors who'd like to self-host Distill like expositions
with Hugo. 

It is currently based off Distill Template v2.

See a hosted demo at https://distillpub.sanyamkapoor.com.

## Documentation

### Custom Shortcodes

There a few custom shortcodes for common use cases in addition to the presets
provided by Hugo.

#### Date

```
{{< date >}}
```

#### Citations

```
{{< cite bib="comma,separated,list,of,bib,titles" >}}
```

Make sure to have relevant `BibTeX` file linked. See [./exampleSite/example/index.md]
for usage.

## Build

The example site can be built by running

```
$ make example
```

### Development

Start a hugo server using the following command and develop!

```
$ make devel
```

## Acknowledgements

[Distill](https://distill.pub/) for the amazing [Template](https://github.com/distillpub/template).

[![Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/global/badges/netlify-color-bg.svg)](https://www.netlify.com/)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add shortcode for code blocks

README.md, after:

# DistillPub

| [![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/73affdaf-5f7a-4f87-be36-b8222becb793/deploy-status)](https://distillpub.sanyamkapoor.com)  | ![Status Alpha](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-beta-yellow.svg) |
|---|---|

This is the Hugo theme for Distill. It is aimed primarily at
authors who'd like to self-host Distill like expositions
with Hugo. 

It is currently based off Distill Template v2.

See a hosted demo at https://distillpub.sanyamkapoor.com.

## Documentation

### Custom Shortcodes

There a few custom shortcodes for common use cases in addition to the presets
provided by Hugo.

#### Date

```
{{<date>}}
```

#### Citations

```
{{<cite bib="comma,separated,list,of,bib,titles">}}
```

Make sure to have relevant `BibTeX` file linked. See [./exampleSite/example/index.md]
for usage.

#### Math

```
{{<math>}}c^2 = a^2 + b^2{{</math>}}
```

To use block display, just add the optional named `block` attribute with empty string as

```
{{<math block="">}}c^2 = a^2 + b^2{{</math>}}
```

#### Code

```
{{<code language="python" block="">}}
# Python 3: Fibonacci series up to n
def fib(n):
  a, b = 0, 1
    while a &lt; n:
      print(a, end=' ')
      a, b = b, a+b
{{</code>}}
```

`language` and `block` are optional attributes to specify the language and
block display options respectively.

## Build

The example site can be built by running

```
$ make example
```

### Development

Start a hugo server using the following command and develop!

```
$ make devel
```

## Acknowledgements

[Distill](https://distill.pub/) for the amazing [Template](https://github.com/distillpub/template).

[![Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/global/badges/netlify-color-bg.svg)](https://www.netlify.com/)

## License

MIT
